Log of thoughts while doing project

Well from the start I was intimidated a bit because I hadn't taken any web coruses yet and I wasnt able to get my login to run properly in the last project. Early on I ran into a problem when trying to set up the my Virtualenv and got the error "The path python3 (from --python=python3) does not exist." My guess was that I had the location wrong on my Virtualenv but I assumed it would be in the same spot as it was in a previous assignment. Googling the issue became a pain because of my bad connection out in the country with videos/pages not loading. Eventually I got around it typing "virtualenv -p python sprinter5" it seemedstating the python version wasnt reqiured and that the commands were slightly diffrent on windows. Activating it was also a problem for a bit but from reading the bash error it was easy to figure aout that it was another windows thing I assume. Instead of "source bin/activate" it was "source scripts/activate."

After installing the requirments I had to stop as my internet took another dive and I couldn't load the google credentials page. Had an extra page pop up for credentials where I had to do a Oauth conset, chose external because thats all it would let me do. After putting in the google ID and echo returned a blank line so I don't know if it went through or not. For the google secret the command went through immedietly on paste and again echo returned nothing so I can't check there either...maybe this is something with Gitbash? Did the commands again and upon pasting into gitbash sometimes it would show what I pasted and excute immedietly and other times it would show me the paste then allow me to press enter. No idea why it does one or the other the second time I tried to paste in the secret it showed the code and allowed me to press enter but echo still returned nothing.

After some trial and error I went to the sclass slack channel to check if others had any similar problems and I saw that another student got around it by manually putting in the IDs. So I tired that, echo still didnt return me anything but it got the project to work
I could now go to the local directory and login with my google account. Still not a good way to get it to work but it works.
Overall it wasn't too bad besides some window diffrences and extra steps but I got it to work in the end. 
